dbt-materialize: add lag tolerance arg to dbt deploy (#28832)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/manage/dbt/development-workflows.md

   hydrate before you can safely cut over. Use the `run-operation` command
   to invoke the [`deploy_await`](https://github.com/MaterializeInc/materialize/blob/main/misc/dbt-materialize/dbt/include/materialize/macros/deploy/deploy_await.sql)
   macro, which periodically polls the cluster readiness status, and waits for all
   objects to be fully hydrated and have a lag less than the specified tolerance.

    ```bash
    dbt run-operation deploy_await
    ```

    By default, `deploy_await` waits for all objects to have a **lag of less than 1 second**
    before returning successfully. You can customize this behavior with the following arguments:

    - `poll_interval`: The time (in seconds) between each readiness check. Default is 15 seconds.

>     - `lag_tolerance`: The maximum acceptable lag duration. Default is '1s' (1 second).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `lag_threshold`: The maximum lag threshold, which determines when all objects in the environment are considered hydrated and it's safe to perform the cutover step. Default: '1s' (1 second).
```

Reviewer: @bobbyiliev, let's s/`lag_tolerance`/`lag_threshold`. I'll push documentation edits in a separate commit, in the meantime.

Reviewer: Pushed the changed in [c8f165f846719ad937b1342b7573329f3278846](https://github.com/MaterializeInc/materialize/pull/28832/commits/c8f165f846719ad937b1342b7573329f32788468). Holler if you disagree!

Author: Oh awesome! Thank you @morsapaes 🙌 I was just getting to this now.

I like the new `lag_threshold` better!
